issues.md, before:

1. vaac does not cycle through windows.
3. If no argument is provided to 'focus', it still focuses extractor.current_application.
4. Organize the 'window manager' changes, so that they can be toggled on and off, for when you make a gui or when you want to hide the terminal and still use vaac in the background.
5. There is no way to peek at the commands list by vaac.
6. Vaac does not recognize equivalent sentences.
7. Vaac does not wait till user completes command. There is no buffer concept.
8. Request for higher speech recognition accuracy and larger vocabulary.
9. Vaac does not ask for confirmation, it does not have 'yes','no','repeat' in vocabulary.
10. Vaac does not improve itself. Training is not automated. Recording and vaac_terminal are not integrated.
11. Vaac does not provide a type-able command line-like interface.
12. Vaac does not support sending individual keystrokes by voice.
13. Extractor does not have a clear set of rules which devs can read. Implement multiple layers of filters in the extractor. Make the code readable. Some of the logic regarding fuzzy ratios has to be cleared up: which ones must be used, and what is the weightage that is to be given to each deduction.
14. "copy and paste" vs "find and replace"
15. "switch to tab two"
16. "open new tab" "new tab" | "exit full screen" "toggle full screen" -> "full screen"
17. "close nautilus" vs "close tab"
18. "open firefox" "firefox" "focus firefox" "switch to firefox" "go to firefox"
18. ~~xdotool does not activate the correct window. And might give: XGetWindowProperty[_NET_WM_DESKTOP] failed (code=1)
    Try the following solution: focus all the windows one by one, with ids in 
    xdotool search -class "app-name"
    till there are none of the above failed error.
    Implement this, in such a way, that windows of the same app can be cycle through.~~

19. Some errors generated by windows opened by vaac get printed in the terminal. To solve this issue, redirect the errors to /dev/null, in the Popen line.

20. Race conditions occur after running_apps.sh reports windows that have just been closed. 
    Solution: Do not update variables unless necessary.
    Work-around: ignore x errors/warnings, or redirect them to a log file.
21. Try to implement 80 characters per line.
22. Try to implement extractor - executor relations, so that the extractor can send multiple commands one after the other, or bundle them in one list. See if a generator concept helps. See if this feature is absolutely necessary.
It will be needed when command chaining has to be supported.
23. Vaac has no history feature. Store all valid commands with a time stamp, in a log. You might also need previous commands being accessible to extractor to enhance its deduction abilities (advanced).
24. There is only so many synonyms you'll have to support before they are exhausted. Write them all out, by need and experience.
25. Intelligent commands.
26. Ability to import key events from bashrc/vimrc/xresources and application_resources files.
27. Enable verbose logging.
28. Enable wm manager controls.
29. Store all hardcoded strings in one config file.
30. Implement reduced libraries, having words only from essential commands. Then additional libraries(lm) which can be then recorded and trained as sets.
Vaac must be able use the specified lm.
31. Implement functional programming like features, and find a way to share the wm class object between extractor and executor.
32. Write extractor class, as filters which are applied one after the other. 
33. term.py needs some work with regard to testing for bugs: needs vertical scrolling. and line/word wrapping. The code can be reorganized. Check for functions and keys not already handled. Check for terminal functions which can be implemented. Check if you can use subprocess to run input commands from this term.py. There are some bugs with switching between the buffer and current_command list. Find out the best way to resolve this.
atleast, build the equivalent of a dumb terminal.

Commit message:

added text+voice to vaac terminal

issues.md, after:

1. vaac does not cycle through windows.
3. If no argument is provided to 'focus', it still focuses extractor.current_application.
4. Organize the 'window manager' changes, so that they can be toggled on and off, for when you make a gui or when you want to hide the terminal and still use vaac in the background.
5. There is no way to peek at the commands list by vaac.
6. Vaac does not recognize equivalent sentences.
7. Vaac does not wait till user completes command. There is no buffer concept.
8. Request for higher speech recognition accuracy and larger vocabulary.
9. Vaac does not ask for confirmation, it does not have 'yes','no','repeat' in vocabulary.
10. Vaac does not improve itself. Training is not automated. Recording and vaac_terminal are not integrated.
11. Vaac does not provide a type-able command line-like interface.
12. Vaac does not support sending individual keystrokes by voice.
13. Extractor does not have a clear set of rules which devs can read. Implement multiple layers of filters in the extractor. Make the code readable. Some of the logic regarding fuzzy ratios has to be cleared up: which ones must be used, and what is the weightage that is to be given to each deduction.
14. "copy and paste" vs "find and replace"
15. "switch to tab two"
16. "open new tab" "new tab" | "exit full screen" "toggle full screen" -> "full screen"
17. "close nautilus" vs "close tab"
18. "open firefox" "firefox" "focus firefox" "switch to firefox" "go to firefox"
18. ~~xdotool does not activate the correct window. And might give: XGetWindowProperty[_NET_WM_DESKTOP] failed (code=1)
    Try the following solution: focus all the windows one by one, with ids in 
    xdotool search -class "app-name"
    till there are none of the above failed error.
    Implement this, in such a way, that windows of the same app can be cycle through.~~

19. Some errors generated by windows opened by vaac get printed in the terminal. To solve this issue, redirect the errors to /dev/null, in the Popen line.

20. Race conditions occur after running_apps.sh reports windows that have just been closed. 
    Solution: Do not update variables unless necessary.
    Work-around: ignore x errors/warnings, or redirect them to a log file.
21. Try to implement 80 characters per line.
22. Try to implement extractor - executor relations, so that the extractor can send multiple commands one after the other, or bundle them in one list. See if a generator concept helps. See if this feature is absolutely necessary.
It will be needed when command chaining has to be supported.
23. Vaac has no history feature. Store all valid commands with a time stamp, in a log. You might also need previous commands being accessible to extractor to enhance its deduction abilities (advanced).
24. There is only so many synonyms you'll have to support before they are exhausted. Write them all out, by need and experience.
25. Intelligent commands.
26. Ability to import key events from bashrc/vimrc/xresources and application_resources files.
27. Enable verbose logging.
28. Enable wm manager controls.
29. Store all hardcoded strings in one config file.
30. Implement reduced libraries, having words only from essential commands. Then additional libraries(lm) which can be then recorded and trained as sets.
Vaac must be able use the specified lm.
31. Implement functional programming like features, and find a way to share the wm class object between extractor and executor.
32. Write extractor class, as filters which are applied one after the other. 
33. term.py needs some work with regard to testing for bugs: ~~needs vertical scrolling. and line/word wrapping.~~ The code can be reorganized. Check for functions and keys not already handled. ~~Check for terminal functions which can be implemented. Check if you can use subprocess to run input commands from this term.py. There are some bugs with switching between the buffer and current_command list. Find out the best way to resolve this.~~
atleast, build the equivalent of a dumb terminal. 
34. Pressing up and down on an empty vaac terminal will cause index errors.
